---
layout: post
title: Our latest work goes live // redial.co.nz
categories:
- news
- blog
---

In late January, Rob Henderson MD of Redial Ltd approached us to discuss the technology he required as the foundation of his new mobile phone recycling venture.

In mid February we signed off on the project, with the clear instruction - to deliver a scalable solution that allowed Redial to maintain high volumes yet maintain low costs on a per transaction basis.  Then Christchurch experienced its second major quake, and everything was put on ice for a while.

Regardless of seismic events, Rob requested to push forward with the project, adding one more major requirement, now with no real fixed address - he needed a cloud solution that would let him run his business from the back of his car...

The entire solution delivered to Redial is cloud based and fully integrated. The front office is a Ruby on Rails application deployed on the Heroku platform. The back office is a Force.com implementation with workflows to automate business process. The back office integrates with an online accounting platform, Xero.com.

Every trade from the front office is sent to the back office, which intercepts and guides it through a custom business workflow to a completed state. Trades are reconciled daily with the online accounting engine, Xero.com from where batch banking transactions are generated. The back office holds an ever changing product catalogue - which is reconciled with the front office on a nightly basis.

This solution heavily reduces the per transaction cost, which is paramount in a low margin high volume business model.

Rob Henderson, Managing Director of Redial says, “Mobile phone recycling relies on high volumes and low costs to remain profitable. Costs and time per transaction need to be kept to an absolute minimum. The cloud solution Trineo delivered keeps these costs to the absolute minimum. The time saved per transaction can be measured in minutes rather than seconds. As a start up with unknown future volumes, the solution Trineo has developed needs to be capable of handling any number of transactions in a highly manageable, scaleable and efficient way. With minimal staffing requirements Redial can handle any number of trades.”

"(external) redial.co.nz":http://redial.co.nz is now in production, and Rob is in a car somewhere ... running his business.

